In this world like nuts packed in a bag,
Everyone is snuggling up
to someone they meet
We are mixed in there and smiling
By pretending we are
all nuts like peanuts
On the template of happiness,
Behind the surface
which is literally picturesque
We can't be as we are,
Even when we put our hands
together sitting around a table
Home with full of secrets
and patches, you know?
Even though I chew up
the real emotions,
they still don't disappear
They are still stuck in my teeth
My life is so insecure and drifting,
And I know
Every day is so mediocre,
but I'm here and so are you
Just by this truth,
my stomach feels heavy
(Mission: 11 - Stella)
No way... All our pursuers are...
Let's go back to the
hideout and rethink our steps.
I have a bad feeling about this.
N-No way...!
How can this be possible, Bondman?!
Ugh... How could I let this slide?!
- Hey, wake up! What happened?!
- Hey, Anya.
- Anya's busy now.
- Hey, wake up! What happened?!
This tragedy...
Nooo!!
- I hate studyiiiiing!!
- Hold it right there!
I thought we agreed
to start studying at 5?
Hieeehh!!
A devil!
- You're a devil, Father!
- Operation Strix: Phase 2.
In order for me to participate in
my target's social gathering,
I need to turn my daughter, Anya, into
a scholarship student, an Imperial Scholar.
And for that, she needs to
achieve excellent academic performances...
...in order for her to earn a Stella.
How many times do I have to tell you?
The answer for that isn't A, but E.
B-But, Loid...
Anya scored pretty good in maths.
Well done, Anya.
I only have 2/8 rounds left!
Was it from watching the cartoon?
Oh, right.
This proverb is the same
one Bondman said in Episode 16!
I forgot.
Try to remember it!
Come on, it's the episode where the
man with sideburns appeared...
I just happened to read the wrong
minds to cheat during the exams.
I'll just take my time...
...to see for myself to decide
who's best at which subject,
and then I'll definitely get
a perfect score in every subject.
No sweat.
I tried saying it like Father.
Sure, I could just forge her
scores to A+ behind the scene easily,
but if she suddenly got
good scores overnight,
the school and the people
around her would be suspicious.
In order to naturally disguise the forgery,
she must improve
her basic academic skills first.
If she becomes estranged from her friends,
her school life may suffer as well.
- I can't have her refuse to go to school...
- If I read my friends' minds
- and get perfect scores,
they'll hate me...
How could you possibly know that?!
You creepy little witch!
I guess I was too harsh
in enforcing her to study.
When her motivation to study is low,
her focus will never improve,
resulting in slumped learning efficiency.
It's always good to make a change.
Academics aren't
the only field to obtain a Stella.
All right.
Let's take a break
and draw pictures instead.
For instance, arts.
Wow, that's a cool drawing.
Is it a cheetah?
Oh, wait.
It must be a panda, right?
It's a cow, the one in the school.
Or maybe music!
Here's a violin for kids.
Or maybe even sports!
Come on, don't cry.
Calm down, Twilight.
A thousand-miles journey
begins with a single step.
She's still in the first grade, too.
I need to take the time to find out
her strongest suits and improve them.
Should we play skipping?
It'll be fun!
Right, don't be so hasty.
It's not like Desmond's
going to make a move this instant.
Planning for war must take an
enormous amount of time.
However...
We expect you to achieve eight
Stella Stars in about four months...
Do we really have that
much time to spare?
Father...
Anya will work hard!
Anyway, do you mind
untangling this rope first?
Oh, right...
Hey, Anya.
Hm?
Why don't we go for a walk tomorrow?
A wok?
Aside from academics, arts, and sports,
there's one more field in
which one can obtain a Stella.
Social contributions.
Thank you for participating in our
parent-child volunteer program today!
I'll explain the details of
your work today right away, then.
- We'll be assigning each family to a job.
- In the past,
many have received Stella Stars
for their participation
in public services
for extended periods of time.
There are some cases of
people receiving one...
...for saving lives or helping to
apprehend criminals, but these are rare.
Sure, I could just ask WISE to send its
personnel to stage the whole thing,
but it's no easy feat
considering the various risks.
Well, even if Anya's not
getting a Stella right away,
there's no harm in having her
develop a philanthropic spirit.
All right, then...
I'd like you to handle the cleaning
of this changing room, Mr. Forger.
There's a pool there!
It's for the patients' rehab.
Ah...
Perhaps it's a bit too much for you?
Well, then, please arrange
the books in the library instead.
Excuse me, Mister!
Come with me!
Could you please do something else?
Anya's tired of doing chores.
Anya wants to be the one
giving tools to a doctor.
Huh?
I'll go look for the operating room!
Hey, wait! Stop!
Ah!
I've had enough!
Get out of here now, you two!
I'm sorry...
Don't worry about it.
Everyone makes mistakes.
But still...
If there's little hope of getting a Stella
from social contribution, what should I do...
Hey, is the rehab going to be tough?
It is, but you gotta do your
best so that you can run again!
Uh...
3 minutes left now!
Hey, is the water cold?
It's fine, go and get changed now.
I'll also get myself changed.
- Okay! One, two, one, two...
- This one's for the adults, huh...
- Focus on your toes now!
Figures. The water's a bit cold...
Whoa!
Ken?
Is he still in the changing room?
Maybe I should ask HQ
to rethink the plan...
I can't breathe...
I can't... move my legs!
The pool! Father!
What? If you need a toilet,
just go by yourself.
Someone's drowning in the pool!
Huh?! How can you tell?!
Who are you?!
Help...
Father...
Anya sucks at volunteering...
So...
I want to become a swimmer,
so I'll go practice at the pool!
Huh?! Hey, wait!
I told you, that pool's not for public use!
Ken?
Don't tell me he backed out...
- Uwaaaaahh!!
- Hey, wait!
Where are you from?!
Aahh!
Pool is so fun!
Who's that?
Where's the drowning person?!
I'm...
...dying...
What are you doing, Miss?!
I can't...
You okay?!
Ken!
Father...
Someone call a doctor, please!
I was about to swim...
When I found he was sinking...
Ken!
Are you okay?!
- Ken! No way...
- Calm down, Ma'am.
Is he okay?!
Ken! Ken!
There're so many people here, too...
Did you hear any sound?
I'm sorry! I didn't think you'd drown...
It's called instinctive drowning response.
When a child is drowning,
they surprisingly tend to be silent.
There are many cases where a lot
of them disappear without anyone noticing.
Please always keep
an eye on him next time.
Still, good job spotting him in the water.
I saw bubbles in the water.
Don't be so reckless next time.
Thank you! Thank you!
Good job, Miss!
Anya Forger from Cecile Hall, First Year.
We'll award you with
a Stella for saving a life.
Way to go, Anya!
You're the first among the
first grade to receive a Stella!
- You're making me proud as well!
- Ultra amazingly elegant indeed, Miss Forger.
- Good job, Anya!
She beat me to it...
That's wonderful, Anya!
You're so amazing!
I'm so happy for you!
An unexpected Stella is in our hands now.
An ideal result, indeed...
But I wonder...
More than that...
It's the same pride I felt...
...when I prevented a terrorist attack.
Well done.
Anya's been a help to people?
Ehe!
All right! I'll make us
some meals to celebrate!
Anya prefers Father's cooking.
Shock!
(Stella Stars Left for Scholarship: 7)
(Tonitrus Bolts Left for Explusion: 7)
(Respect from Everyone: +100)
I heard your daughter
has obtained a Stella,
Agent Twilight.
Yes, Handler.
It's all thanks to you.
At this rate,
looks like we don't need other agents...
...to try and stage for your
daughter obtaining Stella Stars.
People will be suspicious of it.
Besides, we can't risk exposing
the identity of our valuable personnel,
or having them arrested.
I suppose so.
So HQ is getting impatient now?
No...
But there has been an increase
in suspicious money transactions...
...in some of the businesses
around Desmond.
It's not an optimistic situation either.
Make contact with Desmond
as soon as possible.
Just give your daughter a candy
or something to motivate her.
Morning!
You saw the show last night?
I forgot my homework...
Oh, is that the girl from
Class 3 who suddenly got a Stella?
I heard it's the fastest record to date now!
She saved a life?
My star's shining too bright,
it makes me stand out.
Good morning, Anya!
It's Starlight Anya for you.
Huh?
Uh... Yeah, sure...
You're really popular now, huh!
Maybe you can make 100 friends
if everyone respects you now!
Huh!
Bam!
I see you in a new light now, Miss Anya!
Please be my friend!
Come to our house
with your parents next time!
Bam!
Well done, Anya!
My mission's complete now!
The world is now at peace.
Don't be so full of yourself!
What the heck?! He's so annoying!
It's different from what I'd planned.
The world is in danger.
Let's go, Anya.
Let's go... Starlight Anya.
Yep.
What a drag...
Heh... What a joke.
She's really full of herself, huh.
Putting on her badge for show...
You don't usually put that on
and go to school, do you?
That violent girl
can't be saving lives, can she?
I heard she saved a kid from drowning...
But I bet she deliberately pushed
him and tried to drown him herself.
Could be!
Or maybe she bought a Stella
from the school with a lot of money?
Oh, but she doesn't seem
to be that rich, though?
Shock...
Oh, don't mind them.
They're just jealous.
You think so too, right, Damian?
She must be cheating, right?
Do you really think our school
is just a third-rate school that'd randomly
give a Stella for a sum of money...
...or something?
Well...
If you're not happy with this school,
then why don't you
just transfer to another school?
He's so mature at times like this!
So cool!
I'm irritated exactly because
she beat me to it not out of fluke!
Wow, so he's really a serious guy, huh?
Come on, class is starting now.
Anyway,
have you decided
on your reward yet, Anya?
I mean, Starlight Anya.
Reward?
That's right!
It's only natural for someone
to get a reward...
...after they've passed an exam
or won a contest, right?
I can get peanuts?
Come on, ask for something
more expensive instead!
My parents bought me a cute dress
and a tiara for my exams the other day!
But, well...
I guess some of the rewards
I got weren't so fancy.
Huh!
Is your family a secret organization
that conquers the world?!
What do you mean?
We're just a normal corporation.
Then Anya wants a castle!
I don't think that's within
the realm of possibility here.
You don't have a place to place it either.
Then...
A one-year supply of peanuts?
That's an easy one, though...
But are you really okay with that?
Reward is so confusing...
Yeah, I guess.
Well, I guess Wiesel
is the best reward I've ever got.
Oh, he's my dog.
And what a cute dog he is!
Wiesel!
A dog?
You also have a dog, second son?
Hm?
Huh? A dog?
Why are you asking him?
Max!
Who cares?
Don't talk to me so casually!
Anya's got a dog too!
All right! Let's see who's cuter,
my Max or your dog!
Bring him to my house,
and get your parents too!
Greetings, Mr. Forger.
Let's just stop the war, Mr. Desmond.
The world is now at peace.
Heh.
Huh?
So you want...
...a dog for your reward?
Yes.
Having a pet dog will bring peace.
Peace? You mean to your heart?
Hmm... Well, yeah, I've been thinking
of buying you something for a reward, too...
Anya.
Having a pet will be tough, you know?
You must take responsibility for it.
Responsibility...
A dog, huh?
Well...
Let me consider it for a bit.
Loid...
Father...
If the dog's well-trained,
it can act as an extra layer
of security for this house.
Dogs are so ferocious...
I'm worried if Anya
would be bitten to death by one...
Anya wants a small and cute dog...
Huh?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Well, I guess there are
some small but clever dogs.
I'll just have WISE provide one for me.
All right, let's go visit
the pet shop this weekend.
So the buyer's decided yet?
Hmm... They're still reluctant for now.
They're just some thugs
pretending to be revolutionary...
What, they're gonna turn it
into a bomb dog or something?
What poor animals these guys are.
They've all been tinkered to the bones
to become human's toys.
Shut your traps, you stupid dogs!
Keep barking and you'll get no food!
These dogs don't look like
they got the brains for anything.
Hey, are Number 3 and
Number 5 getting sicker?
Like hell I'd care!
Just leave them!
Man, this place really stinks.
Anya wants this one...
Or this one!
It looks tame and safe.
Fighting with each other
'Til almost everything was in ruins
On this mischievous planet
I've been an outsider
since the day I was born
My tears have run dry
The place I'm going back to is in my dreams
I met you
where I came spilling out
You with all your secrets
Pretending to be normal
I'd given up searching
for a place where I belong
Only to find out I had to
create one for myself all along
We made a deal that day
Thicker than blood
A pact from heart to heart
Shall we hold hands and head home?
What should we eat tonight?
"Here's what happened today"
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
Any and every day is
A comedy with you
Dancing on a creaking bed
Rolling around in laughter
We'll keep on with our
ridiculous everyday life
(Mission: 12 - Penguin Park)